
### Introduction
In  this  work  we  present  a  complete  pipeline  to  workdirectly with noisy raw point cloud data for classificationand semantic segmentation tasks.  The pipeline consists oftwo main components.  The first component iteratively de-noises the raw data based on Constrained Nonlinear LeastSquares (NLSQ) normal estimation.  The estimated surfacenormal is used to relocate noisy points in order to reduceoutliers along the surface normals. The refined point clouddata produces finer surfaces and in turn further improvesdenoising and normal estimation results upon subsequentiterations.  Our denoising algorithm successfully removedmost outliers, while still retained important features of thepoint cloud data such as edges, corners, etc.  The secondcomponent  utilizes  modified  network  developed  based  onSpiderConv and PointNet feature extraction frameworks toperform classification and semantic segmentation.   Basedon the combined network of 3-layer SpiderCNN and Point-Net, we test different parameters for the performance andexhibit  detailed  comparison  with  visualizations  and  dia-grams to show our resultsIn  this  paper  we  present  a  complete  pipeline  to  workdirectly with noisy raw point cloud data for classificationand semantic segmentation tasks.  The pipeline consists oftwo main components.  The first component iteratively de-noises the raw data based on Constrained Nonlinear LeastSquares (NLSQ) normal estimation.  The estimated surfacenormal is used to relocate noisy points in order to reduceoutliers along the surface normals. The refined point clouddata produces finer surfaces and in turn further improvesdenoising and normal estimation results upon subsequentiterations.  Our denoising algorithm successfully removedmost outliers, while still retained important features of thepoint cloud data such as edges, corners, etc.  The secondcomponent  utilizes  modified  network  developed  based  onSpiderConv and PointNet feature extraction frameworks toperform classification and semantic segmentation.   Basedon the combined network of 3-layer SpiderCNN and Point-Net, we test different parameters for the performance andexhibit  detailed  comparison  with  visualizations  and  dia-grams to show our results
